[policy_tracker] Docs: Add README.md for the policy_tracker module (#10350)
aces/Loris: modules/policy_tracker/README.md

-   **Module Enforcement**: Link a policy to a specific module ID.
-   **Renewal Terms**: Set a valid duration (e.g., 365 Days) for the agreement.
-   **Header Visibility**: Toggle a "Terms of Use" button in the global header.

## Interactions with LORIS

-   **Module Access Control**: The `NDB_Page` core library checks this module's records when loading any LORIS page. If a policy is active for the requested module and the user hasn't accepted it (or it has expired), the policy acceptance modal is shown to the user.
-   **Header Button**: If configured, the `PolicyButton` component in the header appears to display the active policy for the current page.

## Technical Implementation

### Database Schema

Two tables manage the policy tracking:

1.  **`policies`**: Stores the policy definitions.
    -   `PolicyID`: Unique ID.
    -   `Name`: Internal name of the policy.
    -   `Version`: Integer version number. Incrementing this forces re-acceptance.
    -   `ModuleID`: FK to the `modules` table, each Policy is assigned to a module which determines when and how it is shown.
    -   `Content`: HTML content of the policy text.
    -   `SwalTitle`: Title displayed in the modal window.

>     -   `PolicyRenewalTime`: Number of units (e.g., 365) for renewal.

Author: Sure, I've incorporated both the changes.

## Scope

The scope of this module includes:
-   **Forced Acceptance**: blocking access to specific modules until the user accepts the defined policy.
-   **Versioning**: requiring users to re-accept policies when a new version is released.
-   **Renewal**: enforcing policy re-acceptance after a configurable time period (e.g., annually).
-   **Audit Trail**: maintaining a log of user user acceptances and declinations.

## Permissions

Access to the `policy_tracker` module is generally available to all logged-in users, as its primary function is to allow users to view and consent to policies.

## Configurations

This module does not use the standard Config module. Instead, policies are "configured" by inserting records into the `policies` table.

Administrators can configure:
-   **Module Enforcement**: Link a policy to a specific module ID.
-   **Renewal Terms**: Set a valid duration (e.g., 365 Days) for the agreement.
-   **Header Visibility**: Toggle a "Terms of Use" button in the global header.

## Interactions with LORIS

> -   **Module Access Control**: The `NDB_Page` core library checks this module's records when loading any LORIS page. If a policy is active for the requested module and the user hasn't accepted it (or it has expired), the user is redirected to the policy acceptance modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Module Access Control**: The `NDB_Page` core library checks this module's records when loading any LORIS page. If a policy is active for the requested module and the user hasn't accepted it (or it has expired), the policy acceptance modal is shown to the user.
```

-   **Global Header**: If configured, the `PolicyButton` component in the header interacts with this module to display active policies on demand.

## Technical Implementation

### Database Schema

Two tables manage the policy tracking:

1.  **`policies`**: Stores the policy definitions.
    -   `PolicyID`: Unique ID.
    -   `Name`: Internal name of the policy.
    -   `Version`: Integer version number. Incrementing this forces re-acceptance.

>     -   `ModuleID`: FK to the `modules` table. logic ties a policy to a specific module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   `ModuleID`: FK to the `modules` table, each Policy is assigned to a module which determines when and how it is shown.
```
